ChronQC CronGen
=================
Automates the generation of one or more ChronQC plots, using a .ini input file as configuration. 
An email notification will be send out to users once generation has complete. Generates a log event file as well, to record the ChronQC commands that has been used and its run date.

Just edit the configuration file with the panel name and json file name to generate more ChronQC commands

.. contents:: **Table of Contents**


Requirements
============
* `ChronQC 1.0.4 and above <https://github.com/nilesh-tawari/ChronQC>`_
* `ChronQC json files <http://chronqc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/plots/plot_options.html>`_
* Python 2.6 and above
* crontab `configuration <https://crontab.guru/>`_


Execute it
==========

To run it, execute the command below:

.. code-block:: shell
 
 python chronqc_crongen.py <.ini configuration file>

..

To run it on crontab scheduler (etc. every month):

.. code-block:: 
 0 0 1 * * python chronqc_crongen.py <.ini configuration file>
..

I / O
=====
INPUT: CronGen .ini Configuration File
--------------------------------------

The headers and parameters shown below are mandatory.   

*For [iomanip] section, "DISPLAY_DESTINATION" can be used when transfering the plots to a mounted Windows drive from a Linux system. This is so that the email notification that shows up on a Window user's computer will be valid and understandable by Windows explorer.*  

.. code-block:: ini

 [path] 
 LOG = <log file location> 

 [email] 
 TO = <email 1>, <email 2>
 HOST = <from email address> 
 CC = <cc email 1>, <cc email 2>
 SMTP_SERVER = <smpt server ip address>

 [template] 
 SUBJECT = [ Monthly QC statistics ] Month of %s 
 NOTICE = <br>Dear Users,</br> <p><br>ChronQC plots are ready for viewing in:  <br>%s</br></br></p><br>Thank you.</br><br>*** This is an  automated mail, please do not reply ***</br> 

 [chronqc] 
 JSON_DIR = ./CONFIG/JSON 
 DATABASE = ./DATABASE/statsplot.sqlite 
 GEN_CMD = chronqc plot -db %s -json %s -panel %s -f 
 
 [chronqc_json] 
 <panel name 1> = <panel 1>.json 
 <panel name 2> = <panel 2>.json 
 
 [iomanip] 
 DESTINATION = <ChronQC output directory> 
 DISPLAY_DESTINATION = <directory displayed in email>

..

OUTPUT: Dated folder
--------------------
A folder named as the generated date format of 'DD_MON_YYYY' will be created in the directory specified by CronGen's "iomanip"'s DESTINATION tag::

 [iomanip] 
 DESTINATION = <ChronQC output directory>
 
Within the folder will be the HTML files generated by each ChronQC panel specified in the .ini input.
